# Grant Ferrell, Kshitij Saxena, Connor MacMillan, Nicholas Wawee
## Reflection
For our project we first collected research from the CDC coronavirus case dataset for the US. We then seperated the work into multiple notebooks. 

In our 'Describe' & 'Cleaning' notebooks we focused on cleaning the dataset we recieved and exploring what the cleaned data had left. We did this by removing unused columns for our project and looking at the distrubitation of the varibles. In our Logit notebook we used logistic regression wth 5 k-folds (K-means) to predict which features had the largest impact on predicting mortality in a covid case. Then we worked on MLPCLassifier to predict which features had the same result. We used a gridsearchcv to check which sets of parameters for MLPClassifier could give us the best results. Then we were able to compare the results of logistic regression and MLPClassifier and they seemed to agree about the most important features and their effect on mortality rate. 

We also had looked into linear regression, basic survival analysis, and Elasticnet, but we decided to focus on MLPClassifier and Logistic regression since the preliminary results looked promising. Our results pointed to having an age over 80 was the biggest feature that had an effect on mortality rate, also that the younger you are the more likely you are to live. This makes sense and means our focus for helping people with covid should focus on people that have the features with a positive weight, starting with the highest. In order to protect the most at-risk populations, vaccines should go to the elderly and then to people with pre-existing medical conditions.
